ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY rotation deployment info (#79)
tfpauly/privacy-proxy: draft-private-access-tokens.md

# Deployment Considerations {#deploy}

# Origin Key Rollout

> Issuers must generate a new keypair representing (ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY,ORIGIN_SECRET) each policy window. During generation, issuers must ensure the `token_key_id` (the 8-bit prefix of SHA256(ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY) ), is different from the current signing `token_key_id` for that origin. The issuer should regenerate the new keypair until the `token_key_id` doesn't collide with the current `token_key_id`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issuers SHOULD generate a new (ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY, ORIGIN_SECRET) regularly, and SHOULD maintain old and new secrets to allow for graceful updates. The RECOMMENDED rotation interval is two times the length of the policy window for that information. During generation, issuers must ensure the `token_key_id` (the 8-bit prefix of SHA256(ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY) is different from all other `token_key_id` values for that origin current in rotation. One way to ensure this uniqueness is via rejection sampling.
```

> Issuers should ensure they generate this key at the begining of the new policy window, and advertise it to origins for the entire length of the current policy window. Origins must attempt to verify with both this next ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY and the current ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

With the suggestion above, I _think_ we can drop this bit!

# Deployment Considerations {#deploy}

# Origin Key Rollout

Issuers SHOULD generate a new (ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY, ORIGIN_SECRET) regularly, and
SHOULD maintain old and new secrets to allow for graceful updates. The RECOMMENDED
rotation interval is two times the length of the policy window for that
information. During generation, issuers must ensure the `token_key_id` (the 8-bit
prefix of SHA256(ORIGIN_TOKEN_KEY) is different from all other `token_key_id`
values for that origin currently in rotation. One way to ensure this uniqueness

> is via rejection sampling.

Reviewer 2: For clarity, I would propose adding some more text here instead of just saying "rejection sampling", or remove that sentence entirely.

Author: Sent https://github.com/tfpauly/privacy-proxy/pull/81
